## Printing Instead of Snacking: A Hurdle for Community Engagement

The greatest design problem that I identified during my observations occurred in the library: printing is way too difficult for students given the amount of work that must be printed out. As one goes to print in the library (which they have to travel to, sometimes from across the entire school, if they want to print anything), they first must find an open desk, log into the computer, wait the three to four minutes it takes to log in, bring up google, sign in to your classroom account, and finally print your document. For something that often has to be done in passing time or when one gets to school, this takes much too long. Daily activities like this are the ones we should optimize, and the amount of time able to be saved would be tremendous. During our observations, my group was able to observe this in practice, with people sitting at computers anxiously between periods, not knowing whether they would get to class on time and with their assignment printed out.

There is some good in the current Horace Mann environment, mostly aspects that allow students to circumvent this common issue. In one of the newer buildings, Lutnick Hall, students are able to plug in their own laptops to print, given the library is across the entire campus. With this, the problem is mitigated for those with laptops, but for those without a personal computer at the ready, the problem still stands.
	
The resulting stress and time loss from this problem is where the theme of community engagement pops up. Getting engagement from students is very difficult to begin with, but from experience, community events go even worse when students are thinking about the next stress in their life (their upcoming english essay, for example). Students, instead of participating and engaging with other people and/or trying to make a difference in an issue space, are tus distracted by this extra stress. Furthermore, there is this idea of time. One of the only times where the entire upper division is together in one place is during break, outside eating snacks. Normally, this leads to great community engagement, but it also happens to be the go-to time to print in the library. The issue causing stress thus also expands into an issue that takes community time away from students, making the general ideas behind community engagement much harder to achieve. Thus, if we can fix printing, we can give students more time and less stress, allowing them to engage in and improve the community we share at Horace Mann.
